Flow Command makes sensors and software to help oil and gas companies reduce their operating expenses. Oil and gas companies have a tremendous amount of assets that are geographically distributed and very difficult to access. So we give them very lightweight cloud-connected sensors that allow them to monitor everything in real-time. So we make a variety of sensors very lightweight things, non-intrusive. And so customers can basically take out and these devices to the their remote sites slap them on the outside of the pipe, stick them on the top of the tank, and be able to, from their phone anywhere that they have the internet, be able to know everything that's happening in their assets. I think not only has it been up a fairly slow roll out, there have been a handful of companies that have come in fairly early on with claims of artificial intelligence and things like this. And often when those companies have gotten into the customers -- the E&Ps or service companies or things like this -- what they found is the core data, the underlying data is not there. And so what we said is in order to get to that step 2 and step 3 of analyzing and actuating on equipment, you have to be able to measure very well first. And so we've started kind of at this core layer, this measurement layer, to say, “You know, before we move onto these next steps, let's make sure that we can really get in there and measure very well first.” And in order to do that, we have to accomplish a few different things first. One is we have to be able to measure anywhere in the world, right? Because we have very remote places. And number two is we have to do it very inexpensively because you're often coming out of an operating budget where you have to make the economics very obvious to the end. They do to some degree, though there are some inherent challenges that exist in those as well. So, we do make our own sensors. What we kind of said when we started business is, “There are some very clear barriers to entry to putting sensors out in the field. Namely, they're either very expensive or they require a lot of maintenance.” And so we said, “Let’s take this huge wave of new sensors that's coming into existence, as a result of autonomous driving…” So when you think of those types of sensors, they're non-contact. They’re distance sensors, acoustic sensors, lidar sensors. And we said, “How come you take these types of sensors and apply them in this industrial application?” Very much so. So, one of the big challenges is when we come into these assets is that you may have some existing infrastructure, you may have the availability of cellular service, and often times you have nothing. And so we design devices that are individual nodes, and so they don't rely on existing infrastructure. So I can back off all the way from 2G, 3G, 4G, to satellite if there's nothing there. And so I don't have to have half of the field with service, and half without. We can make sure that we cover the entire field. It does, and so it’s been kind of our responsibility to figure out great ways to compress that data so that we're not impaired by the cost piece of that. So we’ve been in business since 2015. We were, kind of early on, you know, very deep into the R&D stages of the business. At beginning of 2016, we went through an accelerator called Y-Combinator. And then for the next about 12 to 18 months or so, we were very deep into developing a product, getting our first customers, getting equipment out into the field so that we can test and validate it. And now we're in a phase where we’re more expanding into new geographical areas, and deeper into some newer product development. Yeah, so we just finished our third fundraising round in January of this year. And so those funds will largely be put towards increasing the staff of the company. And so we're hoping from January, 1 of 2019 to January, 1 of 2020 we’ll about double the headcount of the company. Exactly, right. And so we have the three offices right now. The reason we’re distributed in that manner is so that we can access the talent pool of software engineers in San Francisco. In Mexico City we have a variety of clients throughout Latin America. And so that office serves as our operations and business development. And then everything else is here Houston. So, it’s about 60% of the business that's in Latin America. I would have never thought this early on the business that we would have ended up going International, and there's been some kind of interesting things that have happened that have push us in that direction. Namely, a bunch of countries in Latin America that have started to or have completed denationalizing their oil production. And so what that means is new, smaller, multinational bank-backed operators that come in there and try and operate them with higher excellence. I think this is where the direction of the industry is moving. And so what we have seen historically is every time there is a big downturn, the oilfield service companies are really pressed to make big shift changes. And when they come out of that, when some commodity price comes up or some new areas is discovered, that’s when the operators really get to show kind of what they've learned from that downturn. We work for both, actually. And so for the operators themselves we’re largely looking at performance of wells, making sure there are no leaks that are happening. Making sure that we're properly managing our infrastructure. And then on oilfield service company side, those service companies are going in and selling certain types of operations of services or things like this. And so often we’re coming in to help them prove the value of the services they’re providing. So I was a completion team lead at Occidental Petroleum in the Permian Basin. Yeah, it's a great question. You know, I think we generally think I'm even shorter terms than 5 years and so it's hard to extrapolate that out. But we’re really focused on taking this really heavy R&D of new devices and expanding that portfolio. So looking at what it means to look at things like sensors and additional non-contact devices. And reducing the costs even further so that we can take all of these devices and kind of blanket the oilfield. So that in the same way that you can operate your Nest remotely, or your garage door remotely, these high revenue producing assets, we should be able to see them from our phone from anywhere in the world.
